Project Overview [~1 paragraph] Write a short abstract describing your project. Include all the extensions to the basic requirements.

    My project met all the basic requirements and extended them in a few small yet important ways. The MBTA helper module successfully is able to query the mapquest API to get the provided location, query the MBTA api to find nearby stations, and then calculate and return the nearest station to the provided address. While it does assume a flat Earth when calculating distances, on a small enough scale such as within Boston it should remain accurate. A potential future improvement might be the implementation of great circle distance instead of squared Euclidean distance. On the Flask side, the app is able to recieve user input in an HTML form, send it to the server via a post request, and display a response page to the viewer which includes the necessary information. In addition to these basic requirements, I added a few extra pieces of functionality to make the app more complete. Firstly, I added the option to filter MBTA stations based on what kind of station they are; are they subway stations, bus stops, ferry stops, et cetera? In addition to this change, I also added some very basic error handling: I created an error.html page which catches all internal server errors and redirects the user back to the home page. I also added some simple CSS style to each page, to make it a little easier to look at. 

Project Reflection [~2 paragraphs] After you finish the project, Please write a short document for reflection [~2 paragraphs]

    From a process point of view, this went fairly well: it was relatively quick to implement when I originally started working before the end of semester crunch hit, and the extensions I added over Thanksgiving break were also fairly easy to implement. Before working on this project, I had taken a couple of stabs at writing a simple Flask app, but had always run into issues implementing HTTP requests. As such, I expected it would be much more difficult than it was, and stuck fairly close to the minimal requirements. Upon reflection, I probably could have planned to implement more features, as it wound up taking a lot less time than I expected. Additionally, compared to earlier projects, my unit tests were far more well-thought out this time. When implementing the MBTA_helper functions, I started with the simplest functions, unit testing them in the main function. As I implemented new functions that relied on earlier functions, I wrote quick new unit tests for them in the main function. When writing the Flask app, I adopted a similar approach, manually testing each new route/function as I built out new functionality. While the simple nature of the project lent itself nicely to this approach, for a more complex project I would probably write a seperate unit test script. 
    
    As I completed this project individually, I don't have much of a group dynamic to report on.



